Add common documents (#24)
cnabio/community: docs/shared/governance.md

# Governance

## Project Maintainers

> [Project maintainers](CODEOWNERS) are responsible for activities around maintaining and updating Duffle, the reference implementation for the [CNAB spec](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec). Final decisions on the project reside with the project maintainers.

Reviewer: I know this document is moved in its current form from the original repo - just wanted to point  out to update the project-specific references (_updating Duffle_, for example).

Not blocking this PR.

Reviewer 2: I saw that, but assumed each project would just change it to their thing.

Reviewer 3: Maybe something like:

```suggestion
[Project maintainers](CODEOWNERS) are responsible for activities around maintaining and updating <PROJECT NAME>, <PROJECT DESCRIPTION>. Final decisions on the project reside with the project maintainers.
```
